Add kubernetes pods tutorial using playground (#10456)
meshery/meshery: docs/pages/guides/tutorials/kubernetes-pods.md

   2. Click **Components** tab.
   3. Search for **Pod** in the list of components.
      ![](./screenshots/2024-02-22_18-20.png)
   4. Scroll down, _select and drag_ the **Pod** component from the search results to the design canvas on the right.
      ![](./screenshots/2024-02-22_18-32.png)
   5. You should now have a pod in the design canvas for further configuration. It has a default name assigned to it.
      Click the pod component to load the configuration modal.
   6. Rename the pod, if necessary.
      ![](./screenshots/2024-02-22_18-35.png)
   
#### Add a container to the Pod
The pod at this stage does not have a container, so we will add one. This is similar to defining the containers in the _spec:_ section of a YAML file. For this hands-on we will make some basic and necessary configurations only.

   7. Scroll down within the Pod configuration modal to the Containers section. Click **+** to add a container.
      ![](./screenshots/2024-02-23_11-54.png)
   8. Expand **Containers-0**.
      ![](./screenshots/2024-02-23_11-54_1.png)

>    9. Next, fillout some of the requred container specifications. Start by entering the container image, we will use _nginx:latest_ for this exercise.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   9. Next, fill out some of the required container specifications. Start by entering the container image, we will use _nginx:latest_ for this exercise.
```
